# Google_Foobar_Challenge

My solutions to google foobar challenge problems.

> BinaryTree: Write a function answer(h, q) - where h is the height of the perfect tree of converters and q is a list of positive integers representing different flux converters - which returns a list of integers p where each element in p is the label of the converter that sits on top of the respective converter in q, or -1 if there is no such converter. For example, answer(3, [1, 4, 7]) would return the converters above the converters at indexes 1, 4, and 7 in a perfect binary tree of height 3, which is [3, 6, -1].

> FindPath: The map is represented as a matrix of 0s and 1s, where 0s are passable space and 1s are impassable walls. The door out of the prison is at the top left (0,0) and the door into an escape pod is at the bottom right (w−1,h−1) .Write a function answer(map) that generates the length of the shortest path from the prison door to the escape pod, where you are allowed to remove one wall as part of your remodeling plans. The path length is the total number of nodes you pass through, counting both the entrance and exit nodes. The starting and ending positions are always passable (0). The map will always be solvable, though you may or may not need to remove a wall. The height and width of the map can be from 2 to 20. Moves can only be made in cardinal directions; no diagonal moves are allowed.
 
> GrandStair: Write a function called answer(n) that takes a positive integer n and returns the number of different staircases that can be built from exactly n bricks. n will always be at least 3 (so you can have a staircase at all), but no more than 200. Each type of staircase should consist of 2 or more steps. No two steps are allowed to be at the same height - each step must be lower than the previous one. All steps must contain at least one brick. A step's height is classified as the total amount of bricks that make up that step. For example, when N = 3, you have only 1 choice of how to build the staircase, with the first step having a height of 2 and the second step having a height of 1: (# indicates a brick).

>